OSDOCS-17406 4.22: Installation docs updates (#112061)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-operator-cr.adoc

|`gatewayConfig`
|`object`

> |Optional: Specify a configuration object for customizing how egress traffic is sent to the node gateway. Valid values are `Shared` and `Local`. The default value is `Shared`. In the default setting, the Open vSwitch (OVS) outputs traffic directly to the node IP interface. If you are using hardware offloading, it is recommended to use the default `Shared` gateway mode to bypass the host routing plane. In the `Local` setting, it traverses the host network; consequently, it gets applied to the routing table of the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Optional: Specify a configuration object for customizing how egress traffic is sent to the node gateway. Valid values are `Shared` and `Local`. The default value is `Shared`. In the default setting, the Open vSwitch (OVS) outputs traffic directly to the node IP interface. If you are using hardware offloading, Red Hat recommends to use the default `Shared` gateway mode to bypass the host routing plane. In the `Local` setting, it traverses the host network; consequently, it gets applied to the routing table of the host.
```
